
I can't get the text in my post to display properly. 
In the editing field, it appears as... 
title
link
...but on the published blog entry, it appears as 
title
[space]
link
...which is not what I want. 
How do I get of that unwanted space between lines? Thanks!

The blog I need help with is japaneselit.net. 
My login still works at mysite.wordpress.com/wp-admin, but my admin capabilities have disappeared.

The blog I need help with is aquiachoir.wordpress.com. 
What is the URL of the blog you are trying to log into please?


aquiachoir.wordpress.com
or actually aquiachoir.wordpress.com/wp-admin


I want to add button on text bar. But once I added it is not abel to paste entire data. In my blog it is showing html tag insted of button. I tried so many times even i tyled but no use. May be any bug?

The blog I need help with is suphappyhome.wordpress.com. 
But once I added it is not abel to paste entire data
In my blog it is showing html tag insted of button
Are you talking about this button?
https://cloudup.com/cy_z-t1kiMY


"Fatal error: require_once() [function.require]: Failed opening required" occurred when trying to update jetpack. I can't get to my site to do anything about it.

The blog I need help with is holisticrdn.com. 
This is a duplicate. Return to https://en.forums.wordpress.com/topic/fatal-error-appears-cant-get-to-my-website-1?replies=3


"Fatal error: require_once() [function.require]: Failed opening required" occurred when trying to update jetpack. I can't get to my site to do anything about it.

The blog I need help with is holisticrdn.com. 
That site is not hosted here. Contact your web hot.
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and have different username accounts, logins, features, run different versions of some themes with the same names, and have separate support documentation and separate support forums. Read the differences here http://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
If you don't have a username account at WordPress.ORG click http://wordpress.org/support/ and register one on the top right hand corner of the page that opens, so you can post to the support forums there.
Resetting your WordPress.ORG password http://codex.wordpress.org/Resetting_Your_Password
WordPress.org support docs are at https://codex.wordpress.org/Main_Page


Some JetPack solutions are here http://jetpack.me/support/
Others are in the JetPack support forum at WordPress.org
http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/jetpack
If you don't have a username account at WordPress.ORG click http://wordpress.org/support/ and register one on the top right hand corner of the page that opens, so you can post to the Theme support forums there.
However, if you can't find help at either one then you can file a JetPack support ticket here > http://en.support.wordpress.com/contact/?jetpack=needs-service


Good morning / afternoon ,
I would like to change my nickname mytoox mytox pair, but not possible, Since said: Sorry, but the name of User mytox is NOT available . soory , i'm use tradution
thanks


Please see here https://en.support.wordpress.com/change-your-username/#change-display-name-nickname


When a click 'confirm' , error :  Sorry, but the name of User mytox is NOT available . thanks,
Mytox


https://en.forums.wordpress.com/profile/mytox does not exist
https://en.forums.wordpress.com/profile/mytoox does exist


Hi there,
I'm sorry, but the username mytox is reserved as a user has the site:
mytox.wordpress.com
I'm sorry, but at this point you will need to choose a different username. 
Let me know if you have any questions with this!


Why does an old post show up first on my blog.

The blog I need help with is sand1.wordpress.com. 
That is because you have made that post "sticky":
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/post-visibility/#sticky-posts
Take a look through that page and let me know if you have any further questions. I'll be happy to help.


I created a blog  https://katimaviklarchealyon.wordpress.com. I had bought a new domain katimavik.arche-lyon.org. Yet, since january, the main domain is again katimaviklarchealyon.wordpress.com, the url katimavik.arche-lyon.org is not used.
I've used the URL in wordpress.com on the webside http://www.arche-lyon.org (button on the front page)
Katimavik.arche-lyon.org expired 4 days ago. Since then, clicking on the button, we receive the message that the webiste is no longer accessible.
I don't understand why, since, I mention it again, katimavik.arche-lyon.org is no longer the main domain of the website.
Regards
Céline

The blog I need help with is katimaviklarchealyon.wordpress.com. 
Oh no! This blog’s domain katimavik.arche-lyon.org expired 4 days ago!
Although katimavik.arche-lyon.org has been registered, it is not using WordPress.com nameservers. If your domain is mapped to a self-hosted site, then your configuration may be fine as currently set up. If you wish to host your site at WordPress.com, you will need to update your nameservers. 
Note that I tagged this thread for Staff assistance. Please subscribe to it so you are notified when they respond. To subscribe look in the sidebar of this thread, find the subscribe to topics link and click it.


Hi there,
The mapping which you purchased has indeed expired. Even though you do not have that mapping set to be your primary domain, our system warns you of the expiration.
If you intend to renew your mapping, I would recommend doing so in order to get rid of this message. If you don't intend to renew your mapping, I can delete it for you so that you're just left with your WordPress.com site: katimaviklarchealyon.wordpress.com.
Let me know what you'd like to do!


Thank you for your answer.
Could you indeed delete the mapping katimavik.arche-lyon.org
What's weird is that the warning about the mapping blocks the access to the public.
Thank you for your help


Hi there,
I have removed the expired mapping from your account. 
Cheers!


Hello, I was having trouble with my genesis theme and uploading/installing a child theme. Somehow I deleted the genesis theme and my screen turned white! Not just the website, I only see white when trying to access my dashboard!! PLEASE help!! What should I do?? Thank you.
Also, once I get this problem resolved, is there a service to have someone upload and set up the child theme for me? I am clearly lost..
This is for the website-- http://www.cbiologicals.com/

The blog I need help with is primpedandproper.com. 
This is for the website-- http://www.cbiologicals.com/
Hi, you are in the wrong forum.
This forum is for blogs/sites hosted by WordPress.com
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and different http://support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
And you should ask in the WordPress.org forum.
http://wordpress.org/support/


He sido usuario de Wordpreess ya por varios años y he estado tratando de mejorar lo que hago. La semana pasada realicé un cambio donde compartía todo lo que publicara en mi oskrfh.wordpress.com en mis cuentas de redes sociales de facebook, tweeter y google +. El dia que lo hice funcionó perfectamente, lo publicado en wordpress aparecía inmediatamente en mis redes sociales, Facebook, Tweeter y Google +, pero el dia de ayer dejó de funcionar.
Ya realicé los procedimientos recomendados en los forum y me sigue sin funcionar.
Necesito me ayuden con este asunto, gracias.

The blog I need help with is oskrfh.wordpress.com. 
I am not seeing your site as being connected to facebook:
https://oskrfh.wordpress.com/wp-admin/options-general.php?page=sharing


Yo no estoy viendo su sitio como conectada a facebook:
https://oskrfh.wordpress.com/wp-admin/options-general.php?page=sharing


My blog is
https://unikeyword.wordpress.com
How to get my blog feed and also how to add rss feed to my blog.?

The blog I need help with is unikeyword.wordpress.com. 
Your feed can be found here: 
https://unikeyword.wordpress.com/feed/


Thank you..!


I am posting daily, and this is the second week where I've had a post from the previous day disappear when I posted a new one.  I saw it online, people commented, so I know it was there.  What happened?

The blog I need help with is lifeinabody.wordpress.com. 
The short question is Why are my posts disappearing?


I see this post https://lifeinabody.wordpress.com/2015/03/12/peace-and-quiet/ if you do not see it then see make sure you are running a browser and version of it found at http://beowsehappy.com or if required upgrade there please.


Thanks for the link.  I think i figured out that i somehow was editing my post from yesterday rather than writing a new post.  not sure how that happened, but i was able to fix it.


That is good news. Happy blogging.


Can you please remove http://imperialbarberproducts.com from the WordPress.com admin?
Thank you,
Scott

The blog I need help with is imperialbarberproducts.com. 
I have removed that for you.


I would like my account permanently deleted. I had started several sites years ago... and had thought I had deleted them all. I want to make sure they are all deleted and would really like my account deleted, please.

The blog I need help with is smallandnarrow.wordpress.com. 
Hi there,
You have to be logged in as Admin http://en.support.wordpress.com/user-roles/#administrator under the exact same username account that registered the blog to access the blog's dashboard and delete the blog.
Clicking this link should display all your blogs registered under the same username, including the hidden ones: https://dashboard.wordpress.com/wp-admin/index.php?page=my-blogs&show=hidden
If you do not see the blog here http://en.support.wordpress.com/my-blogs/ then
follow this guide > http://en.support.wordpress.com/my-blogs/#my-blogs-dashboard-visibility
If you have lost your log-in information you can visit https://en.wordpress.com/wp-login.php?action=lostpassword
All blogs are independent websites so what you do one one has no effects on any others. To delete a free hosted WordPress.COM blog you must be logged in under the exact same username account that registered a blog to delete the blog. To prevent accidental or inadvertent deletion of blogs, there are multiple warnings given that blog deletion is permanent and irreversible. Lastly, a verification link is sent in an email and must be clicked to delete a blog. If clicking that link does not work then copy and paste it into your upper browser window and click.
http://en.support.wordpress.com/delete-site/
Deleted blog URLs are not recycled, regardless of who registered and deleted them and no exceptions are made.
http://en.support.wordpress.com/recycling-blog-names/
Alternatively, to change blog visibility to private go to > Settings > Reading scroll to Blog Visibility and choose option 3 . See the guide here http://en.support.wordpress.com/settings/privacy-settings/


Here's how to deactivate your account:
Although username accounts are not deleted, so you cannot be impersonated and have your reputation affected by anyone registering the same username in the future, there are steps you can take that amount to removing all personal information and result in leaving only a throwaway email address behind. http://en.support.wordpress.com/deleting-accounts/
1. You can go to My Account->Edit Profile and remove all data except the account name and an email address. Create a throwaway email address and change the account email to that throwaway address. This only leaves the username behind.
2. To unsubscribe from email sent to you from WordPress.com, go here and click on “Block all subscription emails from WordPress.com”:
https://wordpress.com/settings/notifications/
3. To ensure the account is locked up tightly, visit this site, generate a password of 15-20 characters, and change the account password to it:
http://www.thebitmill.com/tools/password.html
4. To hide your Gravatar profile, login and on the bottom right hand corner of your Gravatar profile page you will find a "hide" button visible only to you that you can click.


I am trying to stick a post to the front page of my blog, and it won't show up. In the past, this has happened because the featured image was too small or not the right dimensions, but I have tried editing the photo 100 different ways and even uploading it with a different photo that has clearer resolution and dimensions that I'm sure work and it STILL won't appear on my front page, unless I unstick it and have it appear below the larger scrolling menu.
Any help would be appreciated.

The blog I need help with is themountainschool.wordpress.com. 
I tested this and ran into the same problem that you did, but not consistently. Like you, I checked to make sure my featured image was at least 750 pixels wide, but it wouldn't show up. This issue may be caused by the server "caching" the page - even though you've made an update, you still see the original version.
I was able to work around this by "unsticking" (and updating) all of my sticky posts, refreshing the browser, and then "re-sticking" all of the posts that I wanted in the featured slider. (You probably already know that you can have up to six images in the featured slider.)
This is the quickest way I found to do this: 

go into your WP Admin dashboard
click Posts to display your posts
select (checkbox) all the posts that you want to be sticky
in the Bulk Actions dropdown, select Edit
in the Sticky dropdown, select Not Sticky
click the Update button
reload your page
repeat steps 1-5, except this time in the Sticky dropdown, select Sticky
click the Update button
reload your page


Do the stats in my dashboard include my visits to my site from within my company?

The blog I need help with is nomadcommunications.com. 
They should. The only stats that are excluded are your own views when you are logged into your WordPress.com account.


Since http://nomadcommunications.com/ is a WordPress.ORG install - you should be able to find a 3rd party (not JetPack) stats package that would track the IP addresses in some way so you could subtract some of the employees - you have some options that a WordPress.COM based blog does not have - - try asking over at WordPress.ORG for stats suggestions


Good catch Auxclass.
The place for self-hosted WordPress.org support is here:
http://wordpress.org/support/


I have placed a domain I bought onto a wordpress site but now I have completely forgotten what email I initially used and cannot access it, I cannot even change the password and have entered every username or email I think I may have used but am still coming up with nothing. Am trying to contact wordpress but that's impossible so am trying this forum.

The blog I need help with is scoopcharity.wordpress.com. 
I have placed a domain I bought onto a wordpress site
 What is that domain URL?
 I tagged this thread for Staff assistance. Please subscribe to it so you are notified when they respond. To subscribe look in the sidebar of this thread, find the subscribe to topics link and click it.


http://www.scoopart.org


Thanks. See here please https://en.support.wordpress.com/account-recovery/


I can;t remember the email address I used. I have entered in about 15 that I think it might be and I'm still not getting an email to change the pass word. Or else I get an email to change another wordpress site I put together during a training course :/


Today I noticed a change in the new post page: the status/tags/categories section are now on the left hand side of the page. No biggie, I can get used to it.
However, whenever I click to the left of these boxes, my entire page is highlighted; I can only undo this highlighting by clicking in the Title box or the Post Body box. This only happens on this page (I have not been able to re-create it on any other site), I've tested it on 3 different devices, and I've made sure my own computer settings were accurate. 
Anyone else with this problem or a suggested fix?

The blog I need help with is runninginmyhead.com. 
How do I change the mapping of my registered domain for example 'mydomainupgrade.com' from Blog A to Blog B? Both the blogs are under same username.

The blog I need help with is yogisatish.wordpress.com. 
I did attempt via 'Upgrade domains'. I got to the point of finding my registered domain. I clicked on 'Transfer to another site' and a window popped up giving the details. In the popup window, I clicked on 'Transfer Product' and I get the error msg. 'Transfer Failed'.
Satish


Blog A and Blog B are not helpful in a support context. Please provide actual URLs as I tagged this thread for Staff assistance with your transferring upgrades issue. Please subscribe to it so you are notified when they respond. To subscribe look in the sidebar of this thread, find the subscribe to topics link and click it.


Nearly five months ago I inquired about a problem with the new "improved" edit interface (link: https://en.forums.wordpress.com/topic/why-does-the-new-editor-delete-numeric-tags?replies=2). For some unknown reason the interface deletes post tags that consist entirely of numbers. It doesn't modify them; it simply strips them out. For those of us who run blogs that deal with history and use specific dates as tags (1776, 1066, etc.), this is a serious and debilitating glitch.
The old edit interface does not delete numeric tags, but as of today the "edit in classic mode" link, which used to be available in the new interface, has been quietly disappeared like a Communist Party apparatchik under Stalin. Thus, it now takes several more clicks and a good deal of luck to switch back and forth to "edit in classic mode" where it used to take one click.
This change has the result of making the numeric tag deletion issue suddenly much more critical. I would like to ask, when will this bug be fixed? You've had five months to work on it; I feel that after that amount of time some imminent resolution of this issue is now appropriate. Alternatively, please restore the "edit in classic mode" link where it was. Thank you.

The blog I need help with is seanmunger.com. 
"but as of today the "edit in classic mode" link, which used to be available in the new interface, has been quietly disappeared like a Communist Party apparatchik under Stalin."
EXCELLENT. Rubbish new editor is rubbish. It seems designed by mindless, selfie-taking children. I need numbers in my posts too. If it's 100 years since a birthday,  i want to write 100, 1915. Also there seems no way to copy and paste all your every day tags into the new editor. I really hate it. I'm not as flowery or as eloquent saying so but i'm still livid that this has been forced upon us.


as of today the "edit in classic mode" link, which used to be available in the new interface, has been quietly disappeared
I notice that the sidebar that was still on the right two days ago is now suddenly on the left. Perhaps that link got lost when they moved the sidebar. I'm tagging this for staff to follow up. Hopefully they'll give us back that link.


Hi there,
I'm sorry for the continued trouble with numeric tags in the newer editor. The issue was reported to our team, but I can't guarantee if or when our developers will have an opportunity to address the issue. (Reported issues are generally prioritized in terms of how critical they are and how many people they affect — if others are experiencing the same issue, I'd encourage them to report it as well to help raise the priority of this particular issue.)
I'll certainly check with our team about the "Edit in classic mode" link, to see if there are plans to bring it back. In the meantime, however, I'd recommend bookmarking the classic editor to have a quick way to get back to it.


Hi Sean,
I just confirmed with our team that there aren't plans to bring that "edit in classic mode" link back to the newer editor. Given that, I'd definitely recommend bookmarking the classic editor in your browser so you can quickly open it to write new posts there.


@rachelmcr
Does that also mean browsers will no longer save editor preference via a cookie, seeing as the cookie was set by clicking that link?
FWIW, this is going to upset a whole lot of people all over again. The new editor still lacks a bunch of functions available in the classic, and now it's being made even more difficult for people to access that editor intuitively.


/no words...


Does that also mean browsers will no longer save editor preference via a cookie, seeing as the cookie was set by clicking that link?
The link was removed from the editor, but that shouldn't affect any existing cookies already saved in the browser.


The link was removed from the editor, but that shouldn't affect any existing cookies already saved in the browser. 
Until the next time someone clears their cache...


@rachelmcr
I have words but they would not be considered polite. 

    The link was removed from the editor, but that shouldn't affect any existing cookies already saved in the browser. 
Until the next time someone clears their cache...
 I clear my cache frequently. Please bring back the classic editor link.


Rachel, thanks for your response, but unfortunately your suggested fix just doesn't work for a number of reasons.
Here's the issue. There are key features for posts that can only be done in the new editor (for example, the "excerpt" function). Thus, I must write posts with the new editor, but because of the glitch that deletes numeric tags, the very last thing I usually do with each post is to click "edit with classic mode" so that I can add a numeric tag, save the post and not return to the new editor before it's published so that it won't strip out the numeric tag.
Now that the "edit with classic mode" has been taken away from us--for what reasons you haven't made clear--this can no longer be done. Bookmarking the classic editor is not a solution because I need to be able to toggle between classic mode and new editor mode on posts that already exist. Without the "edit with classic mode" link, how am I supposed to do this? If you could suggest another way to accomplish this, I'd appreciate it.
I wouldn't have to do this if the glitch involving the deletion of numeric tags is fixed. From your initial response, I understand you to mean that this glitch is not being fixed by the engineers, and may never be. Can you clarify that that's what you meant?
It seems to me that there are two mutually exclusive solutions to this issue.
1. Fix the glitch involving numeric tags. (At least so far as I'm concerned, this is the most ideal solution). This solution would mean that "edit with classic mode" is no longer necessary. OR,
2. Bring back "edit with classic mode," which is the only way I know of to work around the glitch involving numeric tags.
One of these two fixes needs to be implemented. Since it seems the engineers told you that fix no. 2 is a non-starter, we're back to fix number 1, which is clearly the better option anyway. But, one of the two needs to be instituted, and very quickly.
Thanks for your continued attention to this issue.


@seanmunger
Here's the issue. There are key features for posts that can only be done in the new editor (for example, the "excerpt" function).
In fact, the excerpt function is available in the classic editor. If you don't see it, click on Screen Options at the top of the screen and make sure the excerpt module is selected.
The classic editor has every single function of the new editor, and then some, so I cannot for the life of me understand why they keep pushing the new, glitchy, less-functional editor on us. 
I assure you there is no need to toggle between the editors. You can do everything you want to do from the classic editor alone.


I have had my wordpress blog feed posting to my personal .html website successfully for over a year and have just run into this issue. The message I see on my website where my blog should be is: "Error: Feed failed! Causes may be (1) No data found for RSS feed http://swrapts.wordpress.com/atom.xml; (2) There are no items are available for this feed; (3) The RSS feed does not validate." The message I see when I try to validate my rss feed is: "Unregistered link relationship: search" Through my research it appears this is not something I can fix but wordpress must change for me? Help!

The blog I need help with is swrapts.wordpress.com. 
You might try switching to https
https://swrapts.wordpress.com/feed/atom/


No luck, I had tried different feed url's yesterday. This gives me the same message when I try to validate. The website is srgapts.com if it helps to see the error I'm getting there. As i said, this had worked perfectly for about a year.


The feed validates as far as I can see: http://validator.w3.org/feed/check.cgi?url=https%3A%2F%2Fswrapts.wordpress.com%2Ffeed%2F
The link relationship issue shouldn't be the cause of the problem.
Could it be that whatever you are using to display the feed on your site has an issue with https feeds?


I'm thinking that might be the issue. http://feed2js.org/index.php?s=build makes no mention of https, just http.


I signed up for a WP site with my desired site address. However, I realized afterwards that I was logged in under the wrong account (it's an account that I manage on behalf of other people). I deleted the site, and tried to sign up for it under my correct account, but it won't allow me to. Help!

The blog I need help with is hearherenyc.wordpress.com. 
All blogs are independent websites so what you do one one has no effects on any others. To delete a free hosted WordPress.COM blog you must be logged in under the exact same username account that registered the blog. 
To prevent accidental or inadvertent deletion of blogs, there are multiple warnings given that blog deletion is permanent and irreversible.
 Lastly, a verification link is sent in an email and must be clicked to delete a blog. If clicking that link does not work then copy and paste it into your upper browser window and click.
http://en.support.wordpress.com/delete-site/
Deleted blog URLs are not recycled, regardless of who registered and deleted them and no exceptions are made.
http://en.support.wordpress.com/recycling-blog-names/
Alternatively, to change blog visibility to private go to > Settings > Reading scroll to Blog Visibility and choose option 3 . See the guide here http://en.support.wordpress.com/settings/privacy-settings/


You can register another .wordpress.com blog http://en.support.wordpress.com/register-a-blog/
Then if you wish to you can register a domain via a domain mapping upgrade because it does not matter what the underlying .wordpress.com address is when you are domain mapping.
http://en.support.wordpress.com/domain-mapping/
http://en.support.wordpress.com/domain-mapping/register-domain/


My full Gravatar  "about"  bio is inserting at the end if each of my posts and I'm  not sure why, and I want to remove it. Does anyone know what setting I could have turned on by mistake? It's quite frustrating as one must scroll alllllll the way past this to make comments. Thanks for any help.

The blog I need help with is dariesdailydish.net. 
Normally we place a very brief bio here > Dashboard > Users > My Profile and a expanded bio on an About page.
You have two options:
1. Do not use a theme that automatically provides and author profile below each post.
2. Remove the About me information you placed here Dashboard > Users > My Profile > About You (section) so it will not be displayed.
 In some themes there is an author profile automatically displayed at the end of each post. In most themes there is no such feature and the data derived from here > Dashboard > Users > My Profile > About You (section) does not appear on the blog, it appears appears on your Gravatar profile page only.
http://en.gravatar.com/dariesdailydish
You can copy and paste that text that you have now and display it on an About page http://en.support.wordpress.com/pages/ in your blog.
Added info:
If you click the Find a theme link on this page http://theme.wordpress.com you will discover there are feature filters you can use to narrow your theme search down but this feature has no filter there.
There is no up to date listing but you can see an older partial list re: themes with author bylines and author profile automatically displayed or not here http://wpbtips.wordpress.com/2009/08/15/author-displayed-or-not/ to find a theme that does not display an author profile.


Hello, we are considering to not prolong our subscription to your premium service, which would automatically remove the domain we have purchased before. 
And we want to migrate our contents to the new site using wordpress.org. My question is:
1. can we export the contents (image, text, and mp3 files) altogether to our new sites using Tools-export xml in dashboard without altering the content at all or having it removed from the original sites?
2. once our subscription ended, what would happen? What would wordpress erase besides the domain? 
3. can we still maintain the contents to look exactly the same as it is when we are using premium version? Of course, we know the free account dont support CSS custom. I mean, would our content would be erased and the link of every url changed?
Thank you in advance

The blog I need help with is remehtemeh.com. 
1) Yes.
2) Wp.com erases any theme customizations, any media files uploaded like mp3s that could only be uploaded with paid upgrades. 
3) Not unless your theme is also available for WordPress.ORG. 
As for the links, if you set your new WP.org site's permalinks up to be the same structure as your WP.com ones, AND you buy the Redirect Upgrade, everyone going to your old site will be directed to the correct page on your new site.


are the contents still stored in remehtemehmedia.wordpress.com?


Yes, unless you delete them or your site yourself. Do not, however, delete anything until your import on your self-hosted site is complete, including the attachments (media files).
It was my understanding that audio/video files uploaded during your Premium bundle are not deleted as rain mentioned in her #2. It would mean that you cannot upload any new files. To clarify that point, I have tagged this for Staff input. Please be patient while they get back to you.


Well, it turns out that someone had already tagged this for Staff, so please wait patiently for their reply. :)


It was my understanding that audio/video files uploaded during your Premium bundle are not deleted as rain mentioned in her #2. It would mean that you cannot upload any new files. To clarify that point, I have tagged this for Staff input. Please be patient while they get back to you.
Yes they are not deleted, but you cannot add new audio/video files if Premium is removed. 
Hope this helps!


Ok, thank you all. My next question would be: Can I still be using this remehtemehmedia.wordpress.com to create the new site with wordpress.org? Or I should build the site from scratch again with the new hosting and domain? I'm a lil bit confused here.


Do you mean you still want remehtemehmedia.wordpress.com to be active after you leave and have the same posts as your new, self-hosted blog? Or you just want to make the move after cancelling your premium plan here and you just want to be sure you'll still be able to get what you had when you make the move? If you haven't already read it, you might find the support document on Moving a Blog to WordPress.org useful. There's also an option, for a one-time $129 fee, to do a Guided Transfer where an Automattic employee does the transfer and configures your new website for you.


> Can I still be using this remehtemehmedia.wordpress.com to create the new site with wordpress.org? 
Please note that any changes made to remehtemehmedia.wordpress.com will not show up on your .org site. Note that these are two completely separate companies/sites. You will now have to make changes to your .org site within that admin if you want your edits to be live on your .org site. You will need to create your .org site from scratch, but you can import in posts/pages from your .com site so you wouldn't have to create that all over again.
Cheers!


Hi,
I've unchecked the box in reading settings so that number of comments doesn't appear with each post, however, it hasn't disappeared and each post still has this, including recently published? How can I get rid of this?
Thanks so much

The blog I need help with is ruckmylife.com. 
You cannot access and edit the template underlying your theme. None of us can do that. You can remove the display only and that's done via purchasing an annually renewable premium bundle of upgrades as it contains the custom design upgrade that's required for CSS editing.
See Premium bundle details http://store.wordpress.com/plans/premium/
Custom design - Frequently Asked Questions
http://en.support.wordpress.com/custom-design/#frequently-asked-questions
http://en.support.wordpress.com/custom-design/#custom-fonts
If you purchase the upgrade please use this link http://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization#postform so you can copy and paste your text into a thread that will appear in the CSS Forum where you will get the help you need.


I've decided not to pursue this blog - how do I cancel auto-renewal of the domain?

The blog I need help with is alittlechinmusic.com. 
Autorenewal is not active on your Domain Mapping upgrade.
So you can feel free to let it expire. Or, if you like, I can cancel it for you.


Please cancel it. I know I get charged $13 each April for something...
Thanks!


I have canceled it for you.
Let me know if there is anything else I can help with.


I am using Illustratr theme, and keep having the same issue. The portfolio page has not been displaying properly (when I click on that page, it just shows my home page). I followed forum suggestion that said to un-enable (and save) and then re-enable (and save) the Portfolio Projects custom content type in my writing settings. That has worked, but the issue has happened more than once and seemingly randomly. It's an issue because the whole point of my WordPress site is to display my portfolio projects! If a potential client or employer comes to my site looking to see work samples, and that page isn't displaying correctly, I'm screwed.

The blog I need help with is cathyberg.wordpress.com. 
May be this problem is random but I can see your amazing portfolios without any problem.


I am using Illustrator theme, and have created different pages in order to display different content on them. I have the main page (HOME), which is like a portfolio where all my projects appear. Then I have created other pages to put into them only the projects related to each category (FASHION-FOOD/TRAVEL, etc.). The problem is I don't know how to do it. I mean, if I create a post and want to put it inside the page FASHION, what should I do?
Thank you very much.
http://www.wordpress.com/revistawe


Please assign FASHIO Project Type to the portfolio and it magically appears under FASHION page.
Project Types are like categories. You cna read more about them at the end of Adding and Managing Portfolio Projects section.


I do not understand, I am so sorry. I have now posted something on MUSIC about the singer Fee Reega. But I would like it to appear as a portfolio item, not as a blog post. So, should I put [portfolio] at the beggining of the text about Fee Reega?
https://revistawe.wordpress.com/music/
Thank your for your patience.


If I put [portfolio] on ART AND DESIGN, for example, I get the same content I have on the HOME page. But the thing is that I do not want the same content to be repeated, but I want all the pages -from ART AND DESIGN to LETRAS- having a portfolio layout with different content on them.
Thanks a lot!!!


You have 2 portfolios: fee reega and codice calixtino on your homepage. Cool.
[portfolio]
is a portfolio shortcode.  What this does is, it displays ALL your portfolios in the whichever page you place this. This is why ART AND DESIGN is showing ALL (2) your portfolios.
 but I want all the pages -from ART AND DESIGN to LETRAS- having a portfolio layout with different content on them.
You can do this. Classify our portfolios into Project Types. Project Types are to Portfolios what Categories are to Posts.
Then in the ART AND DESIGN page, instead of displaying all portfolios using
[portfolio]
you can display only ART AND DESIGN projects using
[portfolio include_type=art, design]
assuming you added art and design portfolios with art and design Project Types.
You can check other attributes of portfolio shortcode in this support document.
Give this a try and let's see how it goes.


Ok, I have created a new portfolio project called "Wedding dress". At the same time, I have created a new portfolio project type called "art and design". Then, I have classified "Wedding dress" into the category "art and design".
In the other hand, I have gone to my page "Art and Design" and pasted this:
[portfolio display_types=true display_tags=false include_type=artanddesign columns=3 showposts=10 orderby=date]
But I still get on the page Art and Design all the portfolios; not only the one I want there ("Wedding dress"), but also "Fee Reega" and "Codice Calixtino".
Maybe I have not done it properly...
Thank you!


Sorry, I have kept trying and get something, but still not everything!
I have classified the portfolio "Fee Reega" into the project type "music". Then, I pasted this on the page MUSIC:
[portfolio display_types=true display_tags=false include_type=music columns=3 showposts=10 orderby=title]
And get for this page only the article about Fee Reega, which is what I want!
But can't get the same for Art and Design pasting
[portfolio display_types=true display_tags=false include_type=art columns=3 showposts=10 orderby=title]
Thanks!


I published a new post today but was advised by a follower she could not find it in The Reader.  She did manage to find it via my facebook link but I am not seeing in the Reader either.  Any suggestions?

The blog I need help with is lymart.wordpress.com. 
I followed your blog and the post https://lymart.wordpress.com/2015/03/12/colour-in-the-desert/ immediately appeared in my Reader. I have now unfollowed as there appears to be no issue.
All reasons for non-appearance of posts on Topics pages can be found here > http://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/#missing-posts


How do I get rid of the annoying WordPress Banner at the top of my internet pages on Google Chrome.  It is annoying and covers documents I am trying to read.


Please provide the URL for the WordPress.COM hosted blog in question in the form of an active link starting with http://


I don't have a blog.  When I go to read a newspaper, the black W banner is stuck at the top of my page.  It affects how I can read, or not.  It was not there before and I want it gone now.


Hi there,
 I tagged this thread for Staff assistance. Please subscribe to it so you are notified when they respond. To subscribe look in the sidebar of this thread, find the subscribe to topics link and click it. 
Please let Staff know:
(a) Exactly what kind of device you are using to connect to the internet and to WordPress.com.
(b) Exactly which browser (and version of it) you’re using by checking here if necessary http://supportdetails.com/
(c) Exactly what you experience including what any error reports you receive state.  Note you can use http://snag.gy/ to share screenshots and link to them here.


Hello,
My mobile version of my website is different from my regular site that you bring up on a computer. How did this happen? How can I make it look like the computer site? 
I have searched through all my pages and i do not see a page that looks like the one that is coming up on the mobile site. Please help. Thank you!

The blog I need help with is allproautocare.com. 
Please read your detailed theme description and set up page at https://theme.wordpress.com/themes/outspoken/
You are off on a wrong track. The mobile ready theme is default and a completely different theme that you do not need to enable at all. 
A responsive layout theme adapts to different screen sizes so that your website will work (and be optimized for) iPhones, iPads, Android and other mobile devices. When responsive width themes are viewed on mobiles sidebars appear below the posts in order to provide as much space as possible for reading.
As I said above the mobile theme is a completely different theme. When we use a responsive theme we disable the mobile theme. Go to > Appearance > Mobile and disable the mobile theme

